A red feather that shines softly in the dark
A ball that engulfs itself in harmless blue fire when thrown
A gold-plated badge emblazoned with a symbol of fire
A bowl filled with dim continual flames that change color when different powdered materials are added
A humanoid poppet, made from twisted roots, with singed limbs
A flute that, when played, forms illusory lines of fire which dance to the music around the player
An ash wood walking stick
A pouch of dust that when sprinkled onto a fire cause firework-like sparks and crackles
A map of the sun
A pair of boots that leave scorched footprints
A bottle filled with morning light ember
A pyrography quill that leaves flaming script on the parchment
An old brass lamp in which an efreet once resided; his name is inscribed on the rim in Ignan script
A chalice that makes the drinker’s blood glow with an inner fire for a few minutes afterward
An ever-smoldering lump of coal
A thin iron pinky ring, melted and charred but still wearable
An ever-lit smoking pipe
Pocket hand-bellows that were probably meant as a child's toy but are useful for starting fires none-the-less.
A pocketbook of flame identification called 'Tongues and Their Reading' used to tell magical flames from natural ones and much more.
A candlestick with a jeweler's mark stamped into the base.
A ring that grows warm when near common magical items.
A dagger that was once owned by a man struck by a lightning bolt spell; it still flickers with (harmless) electricity.
A simple crown of woven rowan that glows faintly with unearthly light.
A wand that, when waved over a bowl, makes the food therein taste spicy.
A spoon that, when used to stir a drink, makes the beverage piping hot.
A shallow bowl that makes all spellcasters who eat or drink from it feel faintly nauseous.
A rock that may be absorbed into any point on the body and produced from another point at will.
A small compass that never points north, and sometimes points at strangers.
A strange purple dust that can be sprinkled on tiny objects, causing them to hover 5 feet off the ground for 1 minute.
A bobbin of thick string with which it is impossible to tie knots
A blue sash cut from perfectly hydrophobic cloth.
A small, hollow metallic orb that vibrates when tapped. While vibrating it prevents anyone in close proximity from sleeping. It stops vibrating when tapped again.
A sheet of papyrus that captures a person’s portrait when a command word is spoken (reusable if the command word is known).
A hand crank music box which plays a melody that causes listeners to think they are dreaming.
A chain of alternating silver and bronze links. The silver links are ethereal, while the bronze links are not, but they can still interact with the other links.
A box and lid crafted from a strange, white, pliable material. Foodstuffs sealed within remain fresh for two weeks.
An acacia wood spinning top which never topples. When spun on flat wood, it carves elegant abstract engravings.
An invitation to a magician’s circle on a date that doesn’t quite make sense.
A stuffed jackdaw that occasionally blinks or cocks its head.
A titanium sewing needle that can only unweave thread.
An empty scabbard with an intricate design etched into the leather. With enough study, it may be interpreted as a map that purports to leads to the location of the matching sword.
A 1-inch high pewter elf soldier, armed with a shield and longsword; the base reads “4 of 7”.
A bill of sale for two dozen magic morningstars, sold by Alvin Cogsbottom and purchased by Farbgarble (bugbear warlord).
A pencil-on-paper schematic of a crossbow-like contraption of tubes, triggers and optics.
A blue blade shard that hums. If a person holds the piece for long enough they will start hearing voices that urge him to kill and claim souls for it.
A pair of tailor’s shears that can cut through any kind of leather.
A curious talking ebony walking stick, well versed in history and swordplay.
An old, worn smith's hammer. Its head is always hot to the touch.
A vial of oil labelled “Tomonari’s anointmente forr long swordes and other weppons of the disttinguished nobelemann.”
A woodcutter’s axe, the head of which shimmers like downwards-flowing water.
A quarterstaff with a small jade sphere affixed to one end. When swung, the jade leaves a faint trail of color.
A perpetually wet whetstone.
A smooth river stone with shards of bone stuck into it. If you look hard enough you can see that the bones are not of a humanoid but of a giant.
A strange rock hammer with a steelmark of Abyssal runes. The runes read “HAIL TO THE KING OF THE ROCK”
A rag intended to be wrapped around the scabbard of a sword. It magically wicks blood and other liquids away from a sword as it is sheathed.
An impossibly sharp pen that will always be in the owner’s pocket when they reach into it.
A model bronze weapon rack with six detachable polearms. Each is three inches long and decorated with a red horse-hair tassel.
A feathered arrow embedded in a frozen potato.
A halfling skull with a significant parietal slashing wound that also corroded the bone.
A pocket instruction manual depicting bizarre fighting stances of leaping, spinning and holding weapons by the wrong end.
A small stone cube with the coat of arms of a different family on each side.
A large, tattered flag with silver, green, and black stripes.
A mithral key about six inches long.
A spyglass, dented and bent in half. However, because the inside is so reflective it can still be used.
A crown made of polished and carved ash with gold inlays.
A wooden cup, divided in half lengthwise with a sheet of aluminum.
A grappling hook with silken cord attached to the end. One of the three hooks is broken, and another is bent almost in line with the body of the hook.
A small model of a castle that matches a real one exactly and changes to match new alterations.
A dagger's hilt. The pommel is carved in the form of a lion.
A crown of tarnished silver. Spikes are woven throughout it.
A long arrow, with the tip hollow as if it once contained a message.
A tattered painting of a royal family. The faces are scratched out.
A small crystal goblet which makes an unusual ringing sound when tapped.
The blade of an ancient sword. A mysterious coat of arms is carved into it.
A small stone block from a long-forgotten castle. For some reason, gripping it puts you in a foul mood.
Ripped and torn mail links. They seem to glow with a royal brilliance, but do not emit any actual light.
Half of a snapped oak flag-pole. "We will fight to the last" is written in dried blood on one side.
A torn, warped copy of "Evard's Poetry- 100 Poems for the Aspiring Prince".
Half of a signet ring. It looks like it was once the stamp for an ancient royal seal.
A much-loved child's doll embroidered with gold thread. It's been through a lot.